Prologue
Prologue
Present Day
Los Angeles
The limo was quiet save the tapping of her finger on the faceplate of her phone. The driver glanced at
her in the mirror, but she was lost in her own rearview and missed it. And him. From his vantage
point, he had a front-row seat of her. And her iconic legs. While she caught the first glance, she didn’t
catch the second.
The pill fob was attached to a chain around her neck. Knowing the drive from her seaside home
could last more than an hour, she unscrewed the lid, dropped one pill discreetly onto her tongue, and
then returned the fob to its hiding place at the base of her neck. Something to take the edge off. The
seamless motion reminded the driver of a kid with a Pez dispenser. Or the Marlboro Man with a
Zippo lighter. Both actions were practiced and subconscious, requiring little thought.
The tapping slowed but only slightly; there was always an edge.
A minute later, her phone pulsed. Something she’d been expecting but it startled her nonetheless.
She’d been awaiting word from her private investigator, Roger, but when she eyed the unknown
number, her heart leapt. It was not him. She tapped on the text and read furiously as a wrinkle
appeared between her eyes. The text was short. To the point. As was the demand. Their last
communiqué had promised information if she satisfied their demand. She had. To the penny. In
return, they had assured her of something tangible. Hence, the finger tapping the phone.
She read the text a second time, looking for any clue but found none. She typed quickly. “But you
promised a picture.”
Their response was equally prompt. “Do you really want to play this game?”
She did not. “30 min.”
The response was immediate. “15.”
She straightened and sent a cryptic text to her financial advisor.
His response returned just as quickly. “You must be joking.”
“Please don’t argue. Send the money.”
The text disappeared into the stratosphere. Two seconds later, her phone rang. He spoke before she
had a chance. “Joe, I’m recording this call. I can’t wire a half million dollars to an unknown Swiss
account from a text. We have procedures. Safeguards. You know this—”
“George.” She took a breath. “It’s time sensitive. Please . . . just—”
“I need it in writing. Not to mention the fact that we need to have a conversation about fiduciary
responsibility.”
The driver watched as she polished off the Grey Goose and poured a second. In truth, she didn’t
really like vodka, but it amplified the pills and left her breath untainted. “This is time sensitive. I need
it done now.”
“Joe, it’s for your pro—”
“George . . . they have my baby.”
A long pause. “Is this you or the silver screen talking?”
It was an honest question. “It’s me.”
Another pause while he filtered for the truth. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know. We’d heard rumors
but . . .”
“We’ve been trying to keep it out of the press.”
“What about the authorities?”
“It’s tricky. They always seem a step ahead.”
“Heard she used to work for you.” It was a question posed as a statement.
“Two years.”
“You were close?”
“Hair and makeup.”
“You never really know someone, do you?” He listened to himself and tried to correct. “I’m sorry.
That’s not helpful.”
She nodded again, conscious that the medicine was lowering her defenses. And her filter. Through
the silence, she said, “Send me whatever you need me to sign. You’re protected.”
She heard fingers tapping keys in the background. Her phone pulsed, and she signed with her
finger and tapped Submit.
He continued. “I thought you were renovating Malibu or buying a Swiss chalet.”
“I wish.”
A pause. More keystrokes. “You want the total?”
“One point two,” she said calmly.
A long pause. “Can the authorities recover any of this?”
“The FBI says yes. My investigator doubts that.”
“Who do you believe?”
“Neither.”
On the drive down, the sun had set over the Pacific where deep blue bled into a crimson sky. Now
the night had grown dark, lit only by streetlights. After a final keystroke, he said, “We’re dealing with
different time zones, so hang on a minute while I get confirmation.” George tried to fill the awkward
silence and address the elephant in the phone. “Did you get the flowers?”
She had. “Yes. Thank you. They were lovely.”
“So how was it this time? Any better? I hear mixed reviews.”
“Cured.” She turned the pill fob in her fingers, her honesty disarming. “Sixth time’s the charm.”
A pause. “I didn’t know. Thought it was more casual.” Something must have happened on the
electronic screens in front of him because she heard his chair squeak. “Wire confirmed. Check your
phone.”
She did. A screen of numbers stared back at her.
“Of all the nights . . .” He trailed off.
She stared at the distant searchlights making figure eights in the night sky. “She’s no dummy.”
“And how much money you make,” he quipped. She heard the chair squeaking again. Then he
barked, “Unconscionable,” followed by a guttural, half-muted curse and ending with “betrayal.”
Another slight nod. “Feels that way.”
He redirected. “We’re pulling for you.”
When she spoke, she was staring out the window. “I’d trade it all.”
She ended the call and leaned against the window as the Los Angeles skyline came into view.
Wasting no time, she forwarded the confirmation to the unknown number that had demanded the
sum. From the first contact, they had used different numbers. Now somewhere over two dozen. Not
even her ex-CIA private investigator, Roger, could crack the system because each number was
untraceable, single use, and prepaid monthly. Used once and discarded. Cartels and ISIS did the
same. She knew as soon as she sent this text, this number and this phone would cease to work.
She typed quickly, hoping to sneak it in. “Amber, please, are you okay? Is the baby well?”
The driver watched her knee bounce as she waited for a response.
A minute later, her screen lit. “Baby is kicking.” Then came the gut punch. The thing she’d been
wanting but never expecting. For which she’d never let herself hope. Which was exactly why Amber
sent it. But that, too, raised a question. Had Amber sent it? Was she okay? The wording gave way to
doubt. “Baby is kicking” didn’t sound like Amber. But did she really know Amber? Regardless,
whoever sent it knew it’d knock the air out of her.
That was not the knockout. It would follow. The next pulse included a close-up of a pregnant
stomach, complete with tiny stretch marks and a small protrusion to the right of the belly button. The
inexplicable and undeniable imprint of the underside of a baby’s foot. Complete with slight toe
indentions. The pineapple tattoo alongside was their bona fides. Proof that the stomach was, in fact,
Amber’s. They’d been in Maui on a film set drinking rum punch when she’d sat for it.
The sting was exponential. She’d put Amber through cosmetology school. Taught her the nuance
of makeup for screen. Bought her a car. Introduced her. Paid her twice what she was worth. Brought
her on vacation. Made her family.
“Amber.” She typed furiously. The window was closing. Using as few words as possible. “Boy?
Girl!? PLEASE.”
The response was quick. “VEI.”
She had no idea what this meant. “Sorry. I don’t understand.”
Somebody was playing her. “That is very expensive information.”
This, too, did not sound like Amber, which once again assumed she knew Amber at all. Joe had
received very little information over the last two months. All of it consisted of cryptic messages, so
she was never certain if she was talking with Amber or someone else. The word choice here didn’t
sound like Amber. She wouldn’t say “very” or “That is.” The entire phrase was too polished. Too put
together. Too mysterious. It sounded like someone trying to sound like someone they weren’t.
Amber had grown up in rural Alabama and quit high school in the tenth grade to start “doing hair”
because she had a knack for it and could make more money standing behind a chair than sitting in it.
Her language was much more casual. More along the lines of, “Girlfriend, you can’t touch that.” As
much as the texts made it seem like Amber was running the show, Joe had long suspected she was
not. Complicit? Yes. In charge? Probably not.
Amber’s boyfriend was a hip-hop wannabe. Tall. Fit. Early twenties. Tattooed bumper to bumper.
Frank Carter, aka Busta Line, fancied himself an entrepreneur. Businessman. They’d met at Da Beez
Neez—a popular dance club where he stared mysteriously through sunglasses, grabbed his groin, and
mumbled expletives into a microphone on open mic night. Frank was a classic pretender who
convinced Amber he was an artist to watch. On the move. Being courted by Atlanta, LA, New York.
“In talks.” Seven-figure record deal. In truth, he was a thug. A punk with an attitude. And the only
thing he was moving was prescription drugs through the night club. Frank was an opportunist, a
shoplifter, a car thief, a drug dealer, and a pathological liar, and his only claim to fame was having
spent time in juvie and now dating someone who once had access to someone famous. Someone with
money. Making him important by association.
Adding insult to injury, Amber was a terrible judge of men.
Knowing her time was short, Joe sent the one phrase that might break through. Rattle something
loose. The muted memory of friendship. Amber had grown up idolizing Dolly Parton, who was no
stranger to hair spray. Because, even on a bad day, hair spray can fix anything.
Joe typed, “Tease it to Jesus.” Then hit Send.
Come on, Amber.
Seconds passed.
Then a minute.
She stopped tapping, sure the SIM had already been destroyed.
Buzz.
Her heart leapt again. She tapped, then sucked in a deep breath, which she held for nearly thirty
seconds.
The text read, “And spray it like hell.”
In the previous months, she often wondered if Frank was doing most of the communicating,
leaving Joe to wonder if Amber was okay. Or was she in danger herself? Reading this, she knew
Amber was present. She might not be holding the phone, and she might not be in charge, but she was
close—because only Amber would know how to fill in that phrase. Yes, Frank could’ve Googled it,
but she doubted he was that smart.
But that wasn’t the best part. Unsolicited, a second text followed. This time a picture. Joe sucked
in a breath and tapped the icon, revealing an ultrasound. Dated yesterday. 3D. So clear it looked
almost alien. The nose. Lips. Ears. Perfect in every detail. The hands. Fingers. One folded. One more
open. She counted out loud. “One-two-three-four-five. One-two-three-four-five.” She stroked the
picture with her index finger. “Perfect,” she whispered. But what caught her off guard were the eyes.
Which seemed to be looking right at the camera. Almost posing. Was it her imagination or was the
baby cracking a smile?
Joe typed furiously, ignoring mistakes, offering more money. “Are you safe? Let me help.”
But Amber never received the offer. Verizon returned the text as “Undelivered.” The window had
closed. Frank might have been a punk, but he wasn’t a fool. He had street smarts and he was good at
being bad. He’d found his sugar mama and wasn’t about to let her off the hook. Roger had warned
Joe not to underestimate him. Choking on anger and tears, she unscrewed the cap, dropped two more
pills onto her tongue, and chased them with more fire in a bottle.
The driver watched, unaffected, as her eyes glazed just slightly and her neck began to wobble. The
edge had been taken off. Pain muted. The driver left the PCH just north of Santa Monica on San
Vicente Boulevard, routing them through Brentwood, the southern end of Bel Air, and finally the
Hills. Beverly Hills. 90210. Where little girls’ dreams come true. Or at least some of them. Maybe
one or two.
In the rising haze, Joe entertained a question she might not have were she sober. Dreams. When
was the last time she had let herself dream? She leaned her head back. She knew the answer. And
that, too, hurt. The problem wasn’t the when but the who—and the bitter taste they left in their wake.
The unanswered questions. So much left unsaid. She closed her eyes and whispered aloud, “Pockets.”
The driver perked up. “Excuse me?”
She waved him off. “Talking to myself.”
He stared into the rearview mirror and said, “You okay, Mrs. Joe?”
She noticed for the first time that in order to speak, the driver had to push a button at the base of
his esophagus and that his voice was computerized. No doubt the effect of too many cigarettes. She
waved him off, but she was anything but okay.
She stared up through the tinted glass and counted streetlights. One, two . . . seven, eight. Long
ago, she discovered the monotonous rhythm calmed her. Her chest rose and fell with each deep
breath. She had just started to doze when her phone shook her awake. Her voice was shaky. “Yes?”
“Joe.” A pause. Roger’s voice sounded pained. “They’re gone. No trace.”
A second passed as she shook off the haze. She was slow to speak. Almost slurring. “But you said
—”
Roger cleared his throat. “We’ve exhausted every lead.”
She was more awake now. “But you told me . . . you’d done this before.”
“We have. Many times.”
“What about, ‘These people establish a pattern’?”
“They do. These didn’t. Or haven’t.”
“But I did what you said. Paid every penny.”
“There are no guarantees. That said, they have something you want and you have something they
want. It’s simple economics. Blackmail 101. They’ll be in touch.”
“It’s not simple to me.”
He knew he shouldn’t have said that, so he made no response.
“So I just sit here and”—she lifted her phone—“wait for the ding?”
“Unfortunately . . . yes.”
“You know how hard that is?”
“I understand. They have you on a string.”
Normally one to play her cards close to the vest, Joe seldom revealed what she thought, but then
there were the pills and the ache. Her voice rose. “You have no idea.” In a rare break, the truth
slipped out. “No concept. Do you know what I’ve gone through?” She didn’t wait for an answer. “I’ll
give them whatever they want. I thought I made that clear. They can have it all.”
“And if you do, you’ll never see—”
“But you told them. Right?”
“Joe.” Seconds passed, which told her all she needed to know. “Part of my job is to protect you
from them. Help you make wise decisions when your ability to do so might be . . . compromised.”
The words protect you from them rattled across her mind. In her mind’s eye, she saw Pockets.
Standing just a few feet behind her. Always in the shadow. An arm’s length. Three feet. Tie. Sport
coat. Sunglasses. Hands folded. Haircut high and tight. If he were here . . . She shook off the thought.
He’s the reason I’m in this mess. She gathered her composure. “Compromi—”
He corrected. “You know what I mean.”
“So you didn’t?”
“Joe, if I tell these people you will pay them five million, they will take it, then bleed you for
another five. And you’ll have nothing. Please . . . trust me. Let me do my job.”
She untwisted the cap, palmed a single pill, crushed it with her teeth, and chased it with more
liquid courage. For a mere mortal, this would turn out the lights, but she’d built quite a tolerance over
the years. “So? What now?”
“We wait.”
She spoke to herself as much as him. “Death by a thousand cuts.” She considered the people
around her. Her team. Those working for her. Helping her. And yet she still felt very much alone.
And had. Since the jury’s decision. Although seven long years had passed, she remembered watching
him stand and how the bailiff led him out of the courtroom. Orange jumpsuit. Chains rattling. He had
tried to make eye contact but she wouldn’t let him. She’d denied him that.
Staring at the phone, her strength returned. “Roger, I did not ask for this.”
“I realize that. But it’s here. How you respond will determine much of what happens next.”
She ended the call and sat tapping her phone. Within a few blocks, the drugs hit her bloodstream
but had little effect.
They passed Beverly Boulevard, Melrose Avenue, and the Sunset Strip, finally exiting onto West
Sunset Boulevard. Appropriate, she thought. My sunset on Sunset. The streetlights played a rhythmic
and lonely slideshow through the windows as the driver crossed Hollywood Boulevard. Three blocks
down lay her star, encased in black polished-and-speckled concrete. The Walk of Fame. Another
laugh. My headstone. Maybe they’ll bury me beneath it.
When they drove by her star, where a group of giddy girls stood taking a selfie in honor of
tonight’s festivities, Joe never even glanced. She stared out the opposite window, looking for a
shadow that no longer stood alongside her and the warmth and safety of a bubble that had been
removed.
A block away a hundred cameras lit the black limo in flashes and ten-frames-per-second shutter
clicks. The driver slowed to a stop at the red carpet, then deferred to Joe, who stared at the crowd,
questioned both her ability and her desire, and nodded. The driver motioned to security, who opened
the door and offered a hand.
Joe had unceremoniously aged out of foster care while flipping burgers at an all-night diner. Now
in her late thirties, known worldwide as Joe, and loved by tens upon tens of millions, she eyed the
crowd.
Despite paying her dues in shampoo, dog treats, and vinyl siding commercials, she had paid the
bills—or most of them—working at a local diner. One night, while working a double, she served a
burger to a producer at 2:00 a.m. His film was behind schedule and overbudget, but that wasn’t his
biggest problem. His star was. She was a trainwreck in the process of coming off the rails. Yard sale
in the making.
Chapter 1 Before
Chapter 1 Before

He was a regular. Liked to rewrite scripts from a corner booth in the early morning hours. He ate
slowly, studying her smile, her easy conversation, her enthusiasm at 3:00 a.m., and her legs extending
out of the 1950s throwback skirt. He stirred his eggs and eyed her name tag, which read “Maybe
Joe.”
He pointed his fork at her. “That your real name?”
She topped off his coffee. “Yep. Got a birth certificate to prove it too.”
He shook his head. “Did you fight a lot as a kid?”
“Tried to but I wasn’t very good at it, so . . .” A shrug. “I learned to roll with the punches.”
He admired how comfortable she was in her own skin. “What do people call you?”
“Most folks call me Joe.”
For whatever reason, “Maybe Joe” looked enough like his lead actress in form and feature that
under the right lighting, she might pass as an extra in nonspeaking scenes.
He watched her wipe a table and blow a single strand of hair out of her face. “Your parents do that
on purpose?”
“Don’t know. Never met them. But”—she tapped her shirt—“that’s not the worst of it.”
“Do tell.”
“My full name is ‘Maybe Joe Sue.’ Suggesting that maybe whoever birthed me could not make up
their mind and was not the smartest hammer in the knife drawer.”
“Maybe Joe Sue?”
She curtsied. “In the flesh.”
“Surely they had trouble filling out the birth certificate.”
She refilled his coffee. “Hope so ’cause the alternative is cruelty, and I’ve always believed if you
don’t know something about somebody, you fill the gap with trust until you do.”
He turned sideways in his booth. “That would make you different from a lot of people I work
with.”
She eyed his yellow legal pad. She’d seen him before. Corner booth. Black coffee. Tipped well.
“You ever sleep?”
A shrug. “Not much.”
“Stressful job?”
“Can be.” He tried not to give too much away. “The people I work with can be . . . high
maintenance.”
She raised an eyebrow and gave a knowing chuckle. “You should try working at an all-night diner.
I could tell you some stories.”
“I’ll take your word for it. How’d you end up here?”
She waved her hand across the room and raised her voice enough to be heard in the kitchen. “Well,
when I’m not fast-tracking my way up the corporate ladder of Greasy-Diners-R-Us, owned by a
made member of the Mexican drug cartel . . .”
The Irish guy standing over the dishwasher, who looked anything but Mexican, hollered above the
steam, “Heard that.”
“I am an”—she made quotation marks with her fingers, which were accented by raised eyebrows
—“‘up-and-coming’ and, if it weren’t for this place, starving actress with”—she held up three fingers
—“three, count ’em, three career-defining roles to my name.”
“Oh, do tell.”
The dishwasher hollered from his post. “Don’t let her fool you. She’s good.”
She set the coffeepot on his table, careful not to smudge the legal pad. “Well.” She swung her
ponytail, mimicking the slow-mo cinematography of most hair commercials. “I starred in a twice-
nominated shampoo commercial for oily hair, made from nontoxic, recycled plastic bottles collected
by hand in New York City.” Another swing. “Given that career launch pad, which totally”—she
clapped—“shot me out of a cannon, I soon landed the lead role in a commercial for an organic, non-
habit-forming, high-fiber, low-sugar, high-protein tofu derivative, low-glycemic, keto dog treat made
from South China Sea seaweed. And given that it caught fire among seventy-two-to-eighty-five-year-
old retirees in South Florida . . .” She winked, letting him know she’d hit the big time. “It is now
‘episodic’ or ‘recurring.’ Syndicated in multiple national markets, that sweet little number pays me
royalties.” She paused and nodded for effect. “Every month. Bam!” Another clap. “Like clockwork.
Seventy-four cents. First Tuesday.” She wiped her hands on her apron as if preparing for the big
reveal.
He interrupted her, trying to disguise his smile. “Seventy-four.”
She turned her hand side to side. “Been as high as seventy-eight. Low as thirty. But there was a
hurricane in South Florida, so . . .” She regained her composure. “But the pièce de résistance”—she
closed her eyes, breathed in, and held her hands out like a symphony conductor—“the role that
placed my name in lights and”—she lowered her voice as if relaying a closely guarded secret—“was
recognized by the academy, was a BOGO, hurricane-proof-to-Cat-4, child-safe, lead-paint-free, vinyl
siding infomercial. They said my portrayal of an exasperated, pregnant homemaker with a baby on
my hip staring at a leak in my kitchen was so convincing, so East of Eden-ish, they doubled sales in
three Midwest markets.”
Having finished, she bowed, picked up the coffeepot, and accepted the raucous applause from the
empty diner and Nick.
The man laughed out loud. “The Academy?”
A knowing nod. She spoke slowly. Enunciating every letter. “The UACSLFVPMOA.”
He tried but got tongue-tied. “The UA . . . ?”
“The unionized Academy of Child-Safe Lead-Free Vinyl Producing Manufacturers of America.”
“I had no idea.” He shook his head. “Quite a mouthful.”
“Try saying it three times really fast in a fifteen-second commercial.”
He crossed his arms. “Well, I can see you’re on your way. Really going places.”
“Yeah. I just work here ’cause I can’t leave Nick.” She pointed to the sweaty, bad-combover,
large-bellied man wearing a stained and yellowed wife-beater shirt who was cleaning the grill while
the stub of his cigar dangled from the corner of his lip. “He’d never make it without me. Plus,” she
gushed, “I can’t deny it. We’re in love and eloping just as soon as he gets the three-million-dollar life
insurance payout from his recently deceased wife, who, incidentally, hasn’t been seen since she took
the dog for a walk six months ago.”
Nick laughed, set a steaming plate on the stainless counter, and spoke around his cigar. “Order up,
my love.”
Joe retrieved the steak and hash browns and set them down for the man. “May I get you anything
else?”
He pointed at the seat opposite him. “Give me five minutes?”
She looked at Nick, who had walked around the counter and pointed a spatula at the man. “Hey,
nothing funny, fellow. She’s a good girl. She don’t do stuff like that.” He waved his spatula at the
black-and-white TV. “One day we’ll all be watching her. She’s going places.”
The man nodded. “Nothing funny. It’s all aboveboard. Just hear me out.”
Nick crossed his arms, revealing a faded anchor tattoo.
The man spoke to them both. “I’m a producer, and things are not going well.” He explained. When
finished, he asked if she might be interested. A stand-in. Something to help take the pressure off his
star.
She laughed and wiped the sweat off her forehead. “Just stand there and look like me?”
“Yep.”
Nick leaned in. “With her clothes on?”
The man laughed. “Yes, but”—he pointed—“not those.”
Nick looked at Joe. “I can close up and go with you? Just to be sure.”
She looked at the producer and smiled. “Told you we were lovers.”
Chapter 2 Before
Chapter 2 Before

She left straight from work and, despite Nick’s objections, met the producer alone at the set. Still
wearing the shirt with her name printed on it. Smelling of burger grease and cigarette smoke. An
unknown among the known. The producer brought her on set, put her in front of the camera, turned
on the light, and said, “Do what you did with me last night. Just have a conversation.”
She put a hand on her hip. “Technically, it was this morning. And if I remember correctly, I did
most of the talking, so it wasn’t really much of a conversation.”
He lifted his eye from the camera. “Perfect.” Over the next few minutes, as other crew arrived, she
came alive. Before their very eyes, the atmosphere shifted. No, better yet, the stratosphere.
Such was her break. The rest is cinematic history.
After her stand-in, she’d accepted a supporting role. The director was an up-and-comer with little
to no financing, so he’d promised her, along with the rest of the cast, a share in profits. If it ever made
any. She didn’t care. It was a foot in the door. After filming, she returned to her roach-infested
apartment and Nick’s night shift. By then, he’d promoted her to grill assistant, where she learned the
art of smashing burgers, scrambling eggs, and hashing browns, earning her an extra dollar an hour.
Then the inexplicable happened. The thing for which every producer will sell his soul and yet none
know the recipe. Lightning struck. Desperate to get noticed, the director entered the movie in a small
but notable film festival where it was accepted, shown at 2:00 a.m., and viewed by eleven rather
unenthusiastic insomniacs—one of whom happened to be a failed novel writer turned unheard-of
movie critic who showered the film with the one thing that has killed more good movies than helped:
critical acclaim. But that’s the funny thing about unheard-of writers. To his credit, the guy could
write; there was power in his pen. So word of mouth spread. And just like that, the film caught wind.
Traction. Ten screens became fifty. Fifty became one hundred. Shows were sold out. People stood in
line. The film went nationwide. Two thousand screens and her face shone on every marquee.
She was finishing a double shift, bussing a four-top, when she read the news ticker at the bottom of
the screen. The movie had received six nominations: best director, best cinematography, best editing,
best screenwriting, best film, and, wonder of wonders, she for best supporting actress.
She dropped the plates and laughed out loud.
She gave herself a snowball’s chance. Broke and smelling of grease, she clocked out, changed in a
bus stop bathroom, and arrived on foot in a thrift store dress where, climbing the steps, she’d spotted
a pigeon feather that she, laughing at the ridiculous turn in her life, tucked in her hair. An innocent
fashion statement that was about to set the world on fire. In the hours following, she took Hollywood,
and the world, by storm. The never-heard-of underdog heard them call her name, “Maybe Joe Sue,”
and walked away with the golden ticket. Media the world over printed her picture, complete with
feather rising out of her ponytail like an American Indian headdress.
The nickname stuck.
“Feathers.”
Five years later, she won again. This time wearing a wrap made of feathers. And tonight,
nominated yet again, she had returned. A single silver feather pinned to her shoulder strap. Devoted
fans were calling for a hat trick. Saying if the Academy had any sense at all, she was a shoo-in. She
was more realistic. Given her decade-long, public struggle with addiction, the tabloid exposés, the
pictures of her walking in and out of treatment not one but six times, the nasty divorce from the
“sexiest man alive,” not to mention the trial, she was certain the public had tired of her and her high-
maintenance life. Her critics cried foul and, over the last few years, had eviscerated what remained of
her soul, resulting in a blood-tinged feeding frenzy that lined their pockets and shredded her heart.
But while they could rake her over the coals and cause her to doubt herself, they could not change
one thing. The girl could act. Like nobody’s business.
And so she had.
Staring through the tinted windows at the crowd, she longed to go back, to turn the car around. But
back to what? Around to where? To whom? She was fighting alone and in several directions—the
very thing Pockets had told her she must never do. And he was right. “Sparta proved that. It’s why
they wore breastplates.”
Since his rapid and unexpected and unexplained departure, she had been stuck on the merry-go-
round of absurdity, with an occasional lap around the cul-de-sac of loneliness, and she did not
recognize her life or what had become of it. Day had bled into day and month into year, during which
time she’d lost most everything she’d ever held dear. Save one thing. Acting. In some sick twist of
fate, she could still pretend with the best of them. So she stared at the crowd, flipped her switch, and
extended one leg into the limelight under the roaring adoration of the multitudes.
Who went wild.
Then she stood and confirmed the rumors. The speculation was true.
She had worn the dress.
As a broke twenty-one-year-old, flipping burgers to pay rent alongside the roaches, she’d found the
dress in a thrift store. The tag had read $25 but she’d talked them down to fifteen due to a tear in the
bottom hem. She argued, “Someone caught it on a heel.” Someone had, and by the end of the night,
the tabloids had reprinted the picture of the moment the dress’s previous owner—who had won twice
here—had torn the hem with her heel climbing the very same steps Maybe Joe Sue was only seconds
from climbing. Then and now pictures flooded the Internet.
That night, not caught in the drama, she’d exited the bus a block away and walked barefoot to the
steps, donned her heels like Cinderella, stuck a feather in her hair, and enjoyed the festivities. Ate the
free food. A dreamer living someone else’s dream because she’d never had the courage to dream this
one.
Then came the last envelope. When all the world went quiet. They played the clips. Announced
each name. Flashes on the screen.
“And the winner is . . .”
She blinked, and everyone was looking at her. In a nanosecond, life changed. She now held Willy
Wonka’s golden ticket. My dear, “we are the music makers and we are the dreamers of dreams.”
She had stayed up all night, finishing with breakfast at her own diner—still wearing the dress.
Cradling the golden statue in her arms like an infant. And while the paparazzi stood on the sidewalk,
gorging on the buttery syrup dripping from her lips, the Internet and the public fell in love. “Maybe
Joe’s Just One of Us.” Within days, she surprised her landlord and brought her rent current, including
penalties. Within months, she paid cash for a home on the Malibu coast. One with a view of the
Pacific. And gardens.
The roles came pouring in. Pick and choose. An elite luxury. With more money than she could
spend, she bought a vineyard and continued to grow what was already growing: Pinot and
Chardonnay, bottling it under the labels “Rent Money,” “One Black Dress,” and a Reserva called
“Feathers.”
Chapter 3 Before
Chapter 3
Before
Tonight, she had worn the same dress, not because she didn’t think she had a chance. She did.
Thought her chances were pretty good. Although, in truth, she was pulling for her competition. They
were brilliant and deserving. She had worn the now-famous dress because she knew it would draw
the attention of the media, and they would spend much of their time talking up the nostalgia of a
dress worn, and having won, four times. Twice by the previous owner and twice by her. Could it win
five?
As she stepped from the limo onto the red carpet, the signature slit exposed her now iconic legs.
After her first win, her agent convinced her to insure them for $20 million. She said he was crazy but
he reasoned that if NFL quarterbacks insured their multimillion-dollar arms for careers that might last
five to ten years, she should insure her ability to walk up on that stage. She had, along with other
pieces of herself. Including her smile. She’d always thought it goofy and a little out of balance to the
rest of her face, but fans saw it differently. Her smile endeared her to them. Tonight, her legs were
insured for ten times that. Her face even more. An insurer in London held the paper.
Stepping out of the car, she paused. Well measured. Long enough for the cameras to catch the
reveal. While they elbowed each other for the next front cover, she chuckled to herself. Scaffolding.
It’s all just scaffolding. Let the wind blow and you’ll see.
Dolby Theatre had been home to the Oscars since 2002. Built at a cost of almost $100 million, it
had been engineered for nights like this. To place the otherworldly on a pedestal for all the world to
see. Those like her. Now shrouded in an Oxy haze, she focused on the door, made note of two
wrinkles in the carpet, and told herself, Door. Focus on the door, and whatever you do, remember the
step. At the base of the steps, she paused, feeding the crowd, and accepted an eager, gloved hand and
climbed gracefully. Her blood now swimming with enough narcotic to put large farm animals to
sleep. The years since her first win had given her plenty of time to build a resistance.
During those years, having been publicly undressed as a trophy wife and left feeling half the
woman she once was following several difficult procedures and one horrendous surgery, Joe did what
she knew how to do. She acted. Nonstop. Role after role. Stacked up like cordwood. It didn’t matter.
They all bled together. Proving wrong the critics who claimed success came too early and that she’d
never learned the ethic of a working actor.
When asked how she responded to those critics, Joe had folded her hands and leaned into the
camera. As if telling a secret. “Between you and me”—she lowered her voice—“they’re right. Which
explains my fallback.” She inched closer. “I make a mean bacon-double-cheese and have never let a
cup fall below half full.” She raised a finger, her voice now little more than a whisper. “That’s the
secret. The coffee cup. Keep it warm, keep it full, and the tips will follow.”
An answer for which the public loved her all the more.
Her career had brought fame, but never love. Only heartache. Only longing. So from Broadway to
Hollywood, she had numbed her pain and made the world believe.
Which explained tonight. And the pill fob. Now she ate them like Skittles.
She had waited six months after the jury’s decision. Driven herself to the prison. Checked in. Even
asked to see him. But when they put her in that stall with the glass between them, and she waited
while they shackled and retrieved him, she changed her mind. Or chickened out. How do you really
know someone? So she motioned to the guard. And left. Without ever laying eyes on him. Besides,
what would she have said? What could she? After all he’d done.
Then there was Syd. She didn’t know who was worse.
She’d left suddenly. Running out of the sterile, echoing halls where everything was granite. Hard.
And cold. She wondered how he adapted. Had he? Had he thought of her? And then the question she
could not answer: Was he who he led her to believe he was? Was Pockets the man she’d known, and
quietly loved, or the evil man described in court?
When she was halfway down the prison steps, knowing a freedom Pockets would not, the tears
exploded in a flood and she collapsed. Which made no sense to her. They were not married. Were not
lovers. He wouldn’t let her. So why? Why had she cried after so deep a betrayal? Maybe it was
because no matter what evidence had been presented, she couldn’t believe it. Wouldn’t. It had never
made sense. None of it. The man they’d portrayed in that courtroom and the man she’d come to know
and trust were two different people. One of these things was not like the other.
Her life with Pockets had been a three-act drama where fire had engulfed the theater just prior to
the final act. Act 1 presented a conflict that demanded a resolution. Her. She had been the conflict.
Act 2 raised the tension. The stakes. And the consequences. So much of their interwoven lives had
been spent resolving the conflict surrounding her. And in her. Act 3 was poised to bring closure to the
whole. Understanding. Hope realized. But where hope once bubbled up through the cracks of
impossibility, she now knew only tragedy. Conflict unresolved. Leaving hopelessness in its wake
along with the deafening echo of lines never spoken.
A curtainfall and the painful sound of so much left unsaid.
Chapter 4 After
Chapter 4 After

Halfway up the steps, counting quietly to herself amid the clamoring shouts and cheers of the faithful,
she stopped at “the step.” The same step where the first owner of the dress had stumbled, caught her
heel in the hem, and torn it while falling. Joe paused just slightly, flashed her heel, mimicked falling,
smiled at the crowd, and then turned to check the hem of the dress. A beautiful tipping-of-the-hat to
the dress’s first owner. Sitting on the step, she turned up the hem for every camera to see—she’d
duct-taped the old tear.
She had them eating out of her hand, which was good. She would need that as the opiates dilated
her entire body.
By the time security escorted her to her table where her manager and several studio executives
waited, the Internet had already declared her the winner. “Say It Ain’t So, Joe.”
She sat, expressed gratitude, and said little. Around her sat Hollywood’s best. The most promising.
Rising stars. When their names were called she rose, hugged, and clapped. Expressing genuine
excitement. She had this two-finger whistle thing she did that sprayed spit and could split eardrums.
People loved her for it. Said it showed her humanity. Proof that she was just one of us. Tonight she
whistled a lot. And they loved her for it.
On set, everyone described her as fun-loving. A jokester. Prankster, even. Silly stuff like releasing
chickens in her co-star’s cabin, crickets in their car, or sipping helium before a love scene. She did
this despite riding a pain train she could not stop. Truth was, Joe was good at acting. Maybe as good
as anyone. Ever. She had received her third nomination for good reason. But while the world was
awarding what they saw on film, it paled in comparison to the performance she gave in real life.
She wasn’t nervous when the evening reached its final award. The one for which everyone had
been waiting.
She could hear the slow, rhythmic beat of her heart in her ears. “And the nominees are . . .”
Rightly so, she was the last of the nominees. All eyes on her. They showed clips of this year’s film.
The role of a lifetime. They’d paid her $30 million, plus a percentage of ticket sales and online
streaming revenue, but in truth she couldn’t remember much of the filming. The opiates had erased it.
“And the award goes to . . .”
Since her explosion onto the screen, there had been no shortage of mystery surrounding her name.
A beautiful woman with a man’s name. A public records search yielded her birth certificate, which
did, in fact, list her name as Maybe Joe Sue. Why would anyone do that to a child? Could they not
read? Did they not know? As best she could piece together, she had been brought into the world by a
scared young girl who left her at the hospital soon after giving birth and writing on her identification
papers the words “Maybe Joe Sue.” As if someone older or wiser would make the decision.
As she was unable to raise her own objection, the name stuck. As she got older, she liked to think
her mother loved the classics and had named her after Louisa May Alcott’s protagonist in her 1868
masterpiece, Little Women, but the fantasy was short-lived. She would never know.
Whatever the case, and despite the reason, she did not walk through life making excuses for a
name that made no sense.
“Joe.”
She never heard them call her name. Despite the standing ovation, the hugs, the smiles, the
adoration, her world had gone silent. Only when she saw her face on the screen did it set in. She’d
won. For the third time. Rocketing her to rarified air. A stratosphere known only by immortals.
Wishing she could climb in bed and pull the covers over her head, she rose from her chair and
ascended the steps to the stage, pausing again at the fourth step. She stared out across the crowd.
What had this life cost her? A husband. Children. Anonymity. Pockets. Everybody wanted to be her
—except her.
In two decades of acting, she had learned to control her face. Minute muscle movements. Only
show them what she wanted them to see because the camera picks up and amplifies everything. She
had mastered that. Tonight would be no different. She would once again feed them out of her hand
with what crumbs remained.
Joe had not risen to stardom because she was otherworldly beautiful. She was not. She was
average. Normal. Nothing special to look at. At best she was cute, but she was no Audrey Hepburn.
No Lauren Bacall. The press posited multiple comparisons to Little Orphan Annie, though unlike
Annie, Joe couldn’t sing to save her life. She sounded like a dying cat. This inability required her to
actually act, which made her all the more beautiful when she did what any of us would do.
Her second nomination had come on the heels of a role in which she played the fun-loving wife of
an eccentric and deaf artist. Not a lot of dialogue. One-sided at best. Unable to communicate in words
with her husband, she’d learned to speak with him through body language. Facial gestures. One of
which was crossing her eyes and sticking out her tongue just slightly in the corner of her mouth. The
translation was akin to a shrug with these words implied: “I know things are a bit messed up right
now, and we don’t know if we’ll make it, but hang in there. I’m here. And we’ve got each other.
Sometimes there’s beauty in the mess.” From that touching silver-screen moment, “the shrug”
became known around the world. It took on the universal meaning of “beauty in the mess.” Through
something so simple, the world saw her humanity. Her Joe-ness. For once, they saw someone who
wasn’t trying to make themselves the center of everyone’s universe, but someone who was just
trying. The hashtag #beautyinthemess became a pop-culture icon and was tagged in tens of millions
of selfies. Many being added in the Museum of Selfies, which, oddly enough, sat just down the street
from the Dolby Theatre.
If a rising tide floats all boats, then Joe raised the world. She had given the hurting an expression
for their angst. Locked arms with the hopeless and put words to their pain. Without speaking a single
syllable, she had done the one thing this world could not and never would—she gave them hope.
People looked up and saw the sun.
Placed her on a pedestal made for one.
She climbed the last step, too stoned to speak and too broken to want to, but between the whistles
and shouts and cries of undying adoration, she did what only a three-time winner could. She paused,
letting the silence blanket the room, her eyes suggesting her mind was considering what to say next.
She studied the shadows, but he was not there. Only the figment remained. A fact that once again
pierced a heart held together by a string. Sometimes she talked to him in her sleep. In the quiet, dark
moments when he would watch over her. An offering without expectation. When she had slept
without fear. Back when she slept.
After a measured beat, she shook her head, crossed her eyes, stuck out her tongue, bowed slightly,
pressed the statue to her heart, and exited stage left.
Beauty in the mess.
An Oscar-worthy performance. For which they loved her all the more.
Chapter 5 Before
Chapter 5 Before

Kelly MacThomas Pockets was an average-sized man. Six feet. One-eighty. Early forties. Gray
setting into his beard. Emerald-green eyes. He was quiet. Unassuming. Fit. He disappeared into
crowds more than stood out, and little was known about him. Born and raised in Scotland, he was
educated at St. Andrews and joined the Royal Guard while still too young to serve. Most of his
record, if not all, was classified. Save the scars. On the downhill side of a distinguished career, he
was returning from Israel and the Middle East. Though no one really knew why. Nor did he say.
The flight left early and flew all day. Arriving at Amsterdam late in the afternoon. On a soldier’s
salary, Pockets had bought a coach seat, but his flight status received a complimentary upgrade,
placing him next to a man in jeans scribbling furiously on a yellow pad. The producer noticed his
tattoo and asked about it.
Pockets explained, “Something soldiers do.”
Over the eight-hour flight, Pockets drank water, tomato juice, and one tonic water. He was tight-
lipped about his career and experience, but the producer suspected Pockets had seen much. With a
five-hour layover, the producer asked, “Can I buy you a cup of coffee?” At an airport bar, he said,
“I’m assuming you have military experience.”
Pockets weighed his head side to side.
“I’ll take that as a yes.” He then explained his film, the actors, and his problem.
Pockets listened. Curious.
The producer continued, “I’m in a pickle. And I need help.” He pointed at his pad. “If this were
you, how would you do this?”
Pockets eyed the man, lifted a pen from his shirt pocket, then drew four lines. Something he’d
evidently done countless times before. The light bulb turned on. They spent the next four hours
discussing and laying out the scene.
Before they boarded, the producer asked, “You headed home to family?”
Pockets shook his head.
“You open to a detour?”
“That would depend.”
“I’ll pay you five thousand dollars to fly back to set with me and consult. Just give your expertise.
Three days is all I need. Four if you’re feeling generous.” When Pockets didn’t respond, the producer
said, “Ten. And a weeklong vacation at a beachside resort of your choosing.”
“Ten thousand dollars?”
The man nodded. “And a chair on a beach with a little gal delivering drinks with umbrellas.”
“You’ll pay me ten thousand dollars to give you my opinion.”
“Twelve.”
“And that’s all you want? I don’t have to dress up like Little Bo Peep?”
“No.” The man laughed. “In fact, I’d prefer you not.”
“Mate.” Pockets extended his hand. “For twelve thousand dollars, I’ll give you all the opinion you
want.”
Pockets flew to Morocco, where Syd was pretending to be what Pockets had spent his life
becoming. Over the next three days, Pockets met the husband-and-wife team and Hollywood power
duo: Joe and Syd. When asked, he offered his scene-by-scene input. With real-world know-how
changing the narrative of their story for the better, the writers rewrote the script. Production was
giddy. When “action” returned in the ensuing days, the producer again asked him to stick around,
which he did.
During the first take, Syd pitched a hissy about the requirements placed on him during the new
scene, throwing his AR-15 at the producer after another failed take and demanding, “You do it!”
At his most basic, Pockets was a rifleman. Seeing one thrown indiscriminately on the ground did
not sit well. Pockets picked up the rifle, cleared the chamber of the dummy round, and set it quietly
next to the producer, who sized him up. Compared him to Syd. Twenty minutes later, he walked out
of Syd’s trailer and asked Pockets, “How would you feel about giving this scene a go? Maybe show
Syd how to do it.”
Pockets pointed at himself. “Me?”
The producer continued, “No lines, but it requires some physicality and weapons experience—both
of which you have.”
Pockets looked at the scene. “You mean like a stuntman? In a movie?”
The producer nodded.
“So when people watch this, they’ll see me?”
The producer shrugged and then shook his head once. “Yes and no.” He waved his hand across the
production crew. “We’ll all know it’s you, and you’ll know it’s you, but after our really talented
editors finish with the footage . . .” He pointed at the trailer. “It’ll look like him and he’ll get credit
for it.”
Pockets shrugged. “I’m game.”
Pockets ran through the scene once, then nodded at the director. “Ready when you are, mate.”
“Action.”
It’s not fair to say Pockets was a natural, and he was no Syd. He knew nothing of “playing” for the
cameras. But when it came to stunts, he didn’t need to. He’d been performing them for real most of
his adult life, making the scene second nature.
Syd watched the filming from his trailer. While he didn’t like being upstaged in the eyes of the
crew, he was no dummy. He saw the benefits of his new stunt double, and his tune changed
completely. Back on set, he treated Pockets as if he’d just met his bestie. BFF.
In the days that followed, Syd got to look oiled, rugged, and poised—and to leave the hard,
possibly injurious work to someone of less monetary value. Someone . . . expendable. Pockets, on the
other hand, got to storm the castle, save the girl, and shoot bad guys without someone shooting back.
Then he got to ride off into the sunset—on a horse, no less—as the credits rolled. For a farm boy
from the cold and rainy Highlands of Scotland who’d grown up on Louis L’Amour, it was a dream
come true.
Under a Desert Sun garnered seven nominations and granted Joe her second Best Actress. In her
acceptance, she’d thanked Syd, who had exited Africa as a sun-touched media darling. Thanked him
for his love. And, she smiled, “For the water.” Which brought loud applause. Then she turned to
Pockets. Standing in the shadows. “For making sure Syd didn’t shoot off his own foot.” A smile. “Or
mine.” More ovation. Then she paused. Another beat. Maybe even a tear. Exposing the blurred line
between acting and real life. “And your quiet strength . . . when Syd and I needed it most.”
But not even Atlas could prevent the fissures.
As Joe’s star shot moonward like Halley’s comet and Syd jet-set about the globe as America’s GQ
darling—feeding the troops in war-torn regions of the world and shooting clean-earth infomercials on
trash-riddled beaches, or filming his next action blockbuster with the next model-turned-actress—one
thing became clear to everyone involved: Joe and Syd spent far more time apart than together.
In the process, Joe lost the one thing all the greats lose. An occupational hazard. Better yet,
casualty. Her anonymity. No longer just another face in the crowd, she had become the face in the
crowd. And while she had countless fans, not all were supportive. Women, jealous of her success,
spotted her bagging tomatoes in the produce aisle and spouted hurtful words. Sipping cappuccino at a
street-side café, callous men capitalized on her petite stature and forced selfies, shoved pie in her
face, groped her, or stole her purse and sold the contents. Including the personal information on her
phone. In Syd’s absence she had no defender.
Looking to round out his career, Syd found himself starring in a rom-com opposite a former
Swedish swimsuit model. Early in production on a beach in the Cayman Islands, he couldn’t very
well pack up and head home because someone said something unkind in the grocery store.
Joe needed help.
Chapter 6 After
Chapter 6 After

The marquee was missing a few letters and now advertised the “orner rocer Sto.” Judging by
appearances, the condition of the sign mirrored that of the aisles. Whatever prosperity it had once
known had left with the industry that, once booming, had dried up, taking with it the demand and
leaving an orphaned grocer relegated to selling enough lottery tickets and beer to keep the lights on.
They closed at 9:00 p.m., so I arrived a few minutes before, routed through the produce section,
then dry goods, and made my way to the checkout. The cashier was late twenties. Hardworking. Too
much eye makeup. Jeans two sizes too small. Couple of tattoos. Maybe a little calloused. But a sweet
smile. Working the “10 Items or Less” aisle. Her name tag read “Becky Sue.” I set my basket on the
conveyor belt and waited my turn. The lady in front of me had a cart. Full to the brim. She was
slowly setting each item on the belt.
“I know,” Becky Sue said, nodding and scanning. “Saw a report today that said it was the Serbian
mafia.”
The older woman, purple hair, maybe midforties and shaped like a pear, responded, “I saw that!
Said they took her to Russia.” She set a bag of cheese puffs on the counter. “Some oligarch or
something wanted her for his own private toy.” She set a case of MoonPies on the belt and lowered
her voice. “One of the major news outlets said they’ve got an eyewitness who said she saw her being
forced onto a jet with wealthy Russians.” She used the words “major news outlets” like she had
inside knowledge.
Becky Sue nodded as she swiped the MoonPies and held up the box. “These are BOGO.”
The purple-haired lady set the second box on the belt.
Becky Sue continued, “Police said this morning there was no sign of a struggle, but given her
absence, they suspect foul play.” Becky Sue said “foul play” in much the same way the purple-haired
lady had said “major news.” She nodded knowingly.
Above the two of them, a television played. Muted. The nine o’clock local news. When the words
Breaking News scrolled across the screen, Becky Sue stopped the belt, mashed the remote, and the
two ladies stood staring up, ambivalent to my presence.
The anchorman started with these words: “Breaking news tonight. Three-time Academy Award-
winning actress Maybe Joe Sue has been abducted. Following her third Oscar win last night, she
returned to her Malibu estate where security footage showed her entering her home alone. Internal
video obtained by WPOD News shows her crossing into what would be the living room, lying down
on the couch, and turning off the lights. Sometime after 3:00 a.m., a man in dark clothing enters the
room, lifts her off the couch, and carries her out the door. The same cameras show him loading her
into the back seat of a blacked-out Escalade. This morning, cleaning staff reported her missing and
found a rag soaked in what authorities have identified as chloroform. Currently, authorities have no
leads, and no demands have been received.”
Becky Sue pressed the Mute button, pulled a tissue from her pocket, and wiped her smearing
mascara. “Can’t believe it. Just cannot believe it.” Mind you, the grocery belt was still not moving.
Becky Sue continued, “What kind of miscreant freak-show of a human would take Joe?”
Purple Hair chimed in, pointing an index finger at the TV. “I’ll tell you what kind . . .”
I looked for an alternate checkout counter, but Becky Sue was closing the store alone. Finally,
Becky Sue told Purple Hair, “That’ll be $74.96,” at which point Purple Hair began digging through
her purse—in which she could have hidden a Volkswagen. After a few minutes, she pulled out a
smaller purse, licked her fingers, and began flipping through a rolodex of coupons. Eight minutes
later, she laid a stack of coupons on the counter. Becky Sue swiped them one at a time. Purple Hair
paid Becky Sue $68.42, and the two said their goodbyes.
When my turn arrived, I laid my items on the counter and watched as Becky Sue swiped each one.
She was still shaking her head and spoke without looking at me. “I don’t understand what kind of
world we’re living in.”
I shook my head once. “Me neither.”
At some point here she noticed my food. “Most of the time guys come through here with Pop-Tarts
and soda. A case or two of beer. You got actual green stuff—broccoli, spinach, even some kale.” She
scanned the bag. “Which I can’t stand. I don’t mind turnips and collards but I am so over the kale
revolution. Makes me gassy.” She smiled and paused the belt. The stock boy was mopping the floor
one lane over. She leaned forward and whispered, “Lotta greens here. You detoxing?” A knowing
nod. “Constipated?”
“No. Just trying to turn the train around.”
She eyed me. “I’d say that train is doing just fine.” She continued bagging my groceries. “You not
from ’round here, are you?”
“What makes you say that?”
She waved a dismissive hand across the grocery store. “Honey, we is some of the most uneducated
and ignorant human beings on planet Earth, and you don’t sound like none of us.” She pointed out
the window. “Google ‘dumb as a bag of hammers,’ and maps will lead you right here.”
I wasn’t sure how to respond, so I didn’t.
The television flashed and caught her eye, so she lifted the remote and unmuted the TV, saying,
“Oh, I wanted to see this.”
The reporter continued: “In other news, Russex State Prison’s most famous inmate escaped three
days ago.” The screen split in half, the reporter on one side and a prison-inmate picture on the right.
“Six months shy of satisfying a seven-year sentence, MacThomas Pockets was assigned to a work-
release program when he took the state van on a delivery run and never returned. The warden calls it
unfortunate as Mr. Pockets was just a few months from release.” The camera switched again. This
time the reporter was standing next to the warden. “Warden, can you tell us about Mr. Pockets?”
“He’s dangerous.” The warden was shaking his head. “Man with that type of training. Doing what
he did. Folks need to be on the lookout. And don’t be a hero. You dial 911.”
“Do you have any leads?”
Another shake of his head. “No. But when we find him, he’ll serve the remainder of his sentence
and the court will tack back on the additional years that had been adjudicated for good behavior.”
“Thank you, Warden.” The reporter turned to face the camera. “Mr. Pockets—a former member of
the Scottish Special Forces and later a stuntman in Hollywood—worked for more than five years as
Mrs. Joe’s bodyguard but was arrested and later convicted of excessive physical battery and bodily
harm after he and Mrs. Joe’s husband, Syd Painter, had an altercation at a fertility clinic that put Mr.
Painter in a coma and required months of therapy, including memory recovery and learning to feed
himself.
“Mr. Painter later described in his number-one New York Times bestselling memoir, My Road
Back, how jealous Mr. Pockets was of their relationship. ‘It was an incredibly tough time for us. We
were doing everything we knew to do. To conceive. Literally, had flown around the world, but it was
just tough. If you’ve been there, you know what I mean. And when I walked out of the clinic, where
I’m attempting to do my best to help my wife, Mr. Pockets just attacks me. A massive betrayal fueled
by unchecked jealousy and rage. The most evil thing I can imagine. I can only guess he wanted the
love we shared.’
“No reasons were ever given for why Mr. Pockets flew into a fit of rage. At the time, Mr. Painter
was a UNICEF ambassador and one of Hollywood’s leading men with a string of box-office hits to
his name. Even an action figure and a successful string of hamburger restaurants. Syd Painter’s
recovery would take more than a year, during which time Hollywood’s power couple divorced.
“Syd described the pain of that heartbreak in his book: ‘Joe was devastated. So was I. She was
having trouble coping. But I just couldn’t reach her. I tried, but the pain we’d suffered had cracked
her, and us, down the middle. As a result, I failed her as a husband.’ That failing became public as
pictures populated on social media, detailing relationships with multiple women over several years.
“Syd’s road to recovery has been long, but the enduring and beloved actor has since made a career
as one of Hollywood’s leading men, starring in his own hit TV series—a job that, as he says, allows
him to stay close to his Northern California home with his new wife and two young children. A role
that the once-poster child for the action film says suits him just fine. Mrs. Joe has never remarried but
served six rather public stints in rehab reportedly suffering from an oxycodone addiction. Mrs. Maybe
Joe remains, to this day, America’s leading lady. At this time, no word is known as to whether Mr.
Pockets’s escape has anything to do with Mrs. Joe’s disappearance, but conspiracies and theories
have filled the Internet.”
The desk anchor interrupted the reporter. “Beth, during the trial, a rumor circulated that Mr.
Pockets had once served with distinction in the Royal Marines. Any truth to that?”
Beth nodded. “The rumor did circulate but was never corroborated, and Mr. Pockets himself never
supported it.”
“Was any romantic connection ever made between MacThomas Pockets and Maybe Joe Sue?”
Beth nodded knowingly. “During the trial, news agencies and tabloids suggested a deep connection
between the two, with dozens of pictures admitted into evidence, plus recorded conversations and
text threads. But whether Mr. Pockets acted as bodyguard and if and when the two ever became
romantically involved, no one can say. No connection was ever proven. As you just heard the warden
say, Mr. Pockets is thought to be extremely dangerous. Stephen, back to you.”
The desk correspondent continued. “In other news, nine-year-old James Carlton won first prize for
his pig, Bessie, at the fair last night. Bessie was a shoo-in this year as she also won the two previous
years. This past weekend, the svelte behemoth topped the scales at seven hundred and twenty-two
pounds . . .”
Becky Sue turned back to me. “You married?”
“No.”
She raised an eyebrow. “Wanna be?”
“Thanks, but no.”
She sized me up. Slowly. “I like you even more now.” She held up a bag of kale. “How do you eat
this?”
“Bake it. Eat it like chips.”
“Any good?”
I shrugged. “Put enough salt on it.”
She scanned the barcode. “I feel the same way about tequila.” A sly smile followed by a practiced
single raised eyebrow. “And you know what they say about tequila.”
I was pretty sure I didn’t want to know so I tried to dodge it. “Not really.”
An inviting smile. “Oh, come on, baby, you don’t know the song?”
I did not. I shook my head.
“You been hiding in a hole?”
I feigned a smile.
Becky Sue printed my receipt, wrote her number on it, and winked. “Call me sometime and I’ll
sing it to you.” Another smile. “I like a man who knows his way around the kitchen.” As I walked
away, she was humming.
I loaded into the Blazer, turned onto the county road, and glanced at myself. Trucker hat, ponytail
wig, round metal glasses, and a Grizzly Adams beard with a Magnum P.I. mustache. I looked nothing
like my picture on the television. Made me wonder how in the world she found me attractive.
Chapter 7 Before
Chapter 7 Before

After Morocco, Pockets had returned to Scotland and been two days in the seat of his tractor when
the phone rang. Joe’s voice surprised him. “MacThomas Pockets?” She cleared her throat. “It’s Joe.
I’m the actre—”
Pockets laughed. “Yes mum. I know who you are.” He said “mum” in the honored Scottish
tradition as he would address nobility or someone of higher rank. By saying it, the speaker was
bestowing honor upon the hearer and also tipping his hat, revealing himself to be a man who had
served others most of his life. The u in “mum” sounded more like the oo in “took” than the u in
“sum.”
Her voice sounded uneasy. “You busy?”
He cut the engine, wiped his brow with his forearm, and said, “No mum.”
“You don’t have to do that.”
“Mum?”
“That.” She chuckled. “Call me mum. Or ‘moom.’ Or however you say it. I mean, you’re older
than me.”
“Yes mum.”
She hesitated, considering her suggestion had no effect on him whatsoever. “I was wondering if . .
.” Seconds passed.
“Mrs. Joe? You still there?”
“Please call me Joe.”
“Yes mum.”
She started again. “I was wondering if I could hire you?”
He straightened. Puzzled. While he had enjoyed his time in North Africa, he wasn’t sure how else
he could serve. “Another movie?”
“Not exactly.”
“Yes mum.”
“What do you mean ‘yes mum’?”
“I can help you.”
“But you haven’t even heard the job yet.”
“Well, okay. Why don’t you tell me about it and I’ll wait ’til you’re finished to tell you I’m
agreeable.”
She half laughed. “Syd is filming . . . somewhere. Then somewhere else. Followed by another
somewhere else. He won’t be home for a few months and . . .” Her voice faded.
“Mrs. Joe?”
She gathered herself. “Mr. Pockets, I’m not very good at being famous. I don’t know how to . . .”
She trailed off.
“Mum?”
“A man shoved me down in the street today. Took selfies. Touched me in places . . . while people
stood around and watched . . .”
“Mrs. Joe, you don’t have to call me Mr. Pockets. Pockets is fine.”
“And so is Joe.”
“Yes mum.” In the quiet that followed, he put the pieces together. “You want to hire me as
protection?”
“You’ve done that before, right? In your military service?”
He stared out across the pasture. Toward the North Sea. He never talked about his work.
A pause. She continued, “Are you currently working?”
“Not currently.” Another pause. “When would you want me to start?”
“Is tomorrow too soon?”
He considered the pasture. “How long would you need me?”
“Couple of weeks. Maybe a month or two. Just ’til I can find someone more permanent.”
A moment passed as he stared across the rolling, scenic, and quiet landscape before him while the
breeze dried the sweat on his skin.
She continued, “I’ll pay you whatever—”
He cut her off. “Yes mum, I can be there tomorrow.”
“Oh, that’s great.” A sigh. “Thank you, Pockets.”
“Um, Mrs. Joe?”
Her voice betrayed her smile. “Yes, Pockets?”
“Where are you?”
She laughed. The relief palpable. “I guess that might be helpful.”
Pockets arrived at John Wayne Airport, where she was waiting for him in a rented Mercedes SUV
with blacked-out windows. She sat in the driver’s seat. He studied the car. “You don’t have a driver?”
She shook her head as if the thought had not occurred to her.
He walked around to the driver’s side and asked, “May I?”
She climbed into the passenger seat and waited as he navigated the airport traffic. Proficient would
have been an understatement. She was tapping her front tooth with a fingernail. “Let me guess,
you’ve done some of that training where you drive backward at a hundred miles an hour, then swing
it one-eighty and never touch the brake.”
He clicked on his turn signal and changed lanes, then waved to the driver behind him. “More like
sixty.”
She was excited now. Sitting up straight. “Can you show me some stuff?”
He shot a quick glance. Still trying to remember how to drive on the right side of the road. “Right
now?”
She shrugged, betraying her boredom. “Why not?”
“Mrs. Joe . . .”
She turned sideways, sat on one heel, and made a time-out sign with her hands. “Hold it.”
He stopped in the emergency lane. Surveying his perimeter.
“Much of the civilized world calls me Joe. Just Joe.”
He nodded, not quite sure where this was going. “Yes mum.”
Another T sign with her hands. And more head shaking. “That’s another thing. You’re killing me
with this mum thing. Or ‘moom’ thing. How old are you?”
“I don’t think you are allowed to ask me that.”
She laughed out loud. “This isn’t a job interview. You already have the job. We’re just getting to
know each other.”
“I’m thirty-five.”
“There. I’m twenty-five. Technically, you’re my senior. You don’t have to call me mum.” She
tried to tighten her top lip. “Or ‘moom.’ I’m not the queen.”
He shot another quick glance. “Where I come from, if you’re female over the age of about twelve,
then you’re a mum.”
“Where are you from?”
“A farm on the eastern shore of Scotland.”
“Well, what if I don’t want you to call me mum?”
He considered this. The look on his face suggested this was something he’d never thought of
before. He spoke as he drove. “Might be easier if you found another bodyguard.”
“You feel that strongly about it?”
“No mum, it’s just . . . What I mean is, it’s like breathing. I been doing it a long time, and if you
ask me to stop, I’m not too sure how that’s going to work out. Might turn blue in the face and pass
out, at which point I’d cease to be effective at my job.”
“Well, okay, let’s get back to Joe. What about Joe? Minus the ‘Mrs.’?”
Without hesitation, he shook his head once. “No mum.”
She let out a chuckle and rested her heels on the dash, pressing her bare toes to the inside of the
windshield. “And why not?”
A quick shake of his head. “Too informal.”
“So we can’t be friends?”
“No mum. I mean, we can, but the reason has to do with optics.”
“Optics?”
“What others perceive.”
“How so?”
“When other people hear us talk or see us interact, you’re safer if I refer to you in a professional
manner.”
She interrupted him. “So you have done this? I knew it.”
He continued, “When they do, they’ll be less likely to attempt something if they understand I’m
focused on your safety and not our friendship.”
She nodded. “I’m picking up what you’re putting down.” She squinted one eye. “You ever
escorted dignitaries? Important people?” She waved her hand across the windshield as if she were
painting the scene for a director. “Sunglasses, running alongside the limo. Submachine gun bulging
beneath your jacket.”
He considered how to respond. “Not alongside a limo.”
She was getting excited now. She snapped her fingers. “I knew it. “You’re a bad a—” She pressed
her palm over her mouth. “Sorry.” She looked at him out of the corner of her eye. “I cuss
sometimes.”
“No problem, mum.”
She snapped again. “Did you ever blow up sh—” More mouth covering, which muffled the next
words coming out of her mouth. “Stuff up?”
He nodded.
“What’s the biggest thing you ever blew up?”
“It’s probably better if I don’t answer that.”
“You kill people?”
“That falls in the same category.”
She smiled. “I like the mystery. Adds to your mystique.” She poked his arm. “You work out?”
He looked at himself then at her. “You have to ask me that?”
This time she squeezed his arm. “Nice.” She turned sideways and sat on her heel again, leaning
against the door only to realize he seemed to tighten when she did. “Oh.” She pressed her index
finger to her lip. “That probably crossed some professional-space barrier thing. Like we have to
pretend there’s this invisible force field around each other.”
He nodded. “A good idea.”
She extended her arm across the car, her finger just inches from his shoulder. Slowly, she
encroached. “Am I making you nervous?”
He glanced at the location of her finger. “A little.”
“Why?” She extended farther, poking him in the arm. “You afraid of me?”
He shook his head. “No mum.” He considered. “Well . . . maybe.” Another pause. “Yes mum. I am
terrified of beautiful women. And . . .”
“What then?”
He didn’t answer.
She poked him again. This time at the base of his shoulder.
He fidgeted.
She poked again, and he covered his right rib cage with his left hand.
She smiled. “You’re ticklish.”
He nodded once in admission. A chink in his armor.
“So.” She teased him by hovering her finger just inches from his rib cage.
He spoke slowly. “It would be better if you didn’t do that while I was driving.”
She paused for almost half a second. “You like ice cream?”
He glanced at her. “Do you always talk this much?”
She laughed. “No, but I’ve been by myself so much lately, it’s nice to have someone to talk with.”
He returned his eyes to the road. “I don’t eat much sugar.”
“What? You on a diet?”
“No. Just don’t eat it.”
“Then, by definition, you’re on a diet.”
“If you say so.”
She pointed. “Turn there.”
He did. For the next eight blocks he followed her finger while she hammered him with questions.
Finally arriving oceanside at the Little Dipper ice cream shop.
Ten minutes later, while she licked her cone, sitting cross-legged on the bulkhead overlooking the
shimmering Pacific, he stood three feet distant—not in front of her but rather off to one side, hands
folded behind his back. Sunglasses. Scanning their perimeter.
She eyed him. Trying to hide the smirk. She squinted one eye and raised the other eyebrow. “You
packing?”
He leaned in. “Mum?”
She whispered, “Carrying heat?” She made a secretive move with her finger as if pulling a trigger.
“You a nine or forty-five guy?”
While they were talking, two kids and a soccer mom approached and held out a phone. “Can we
take a—”
He stepped between them. More cat than man.
She stepped around him and whispered, “Easy, killer.” Then she took several photos, chatted up
the kids and mom, and talked flavors of ice cream and who won the game. How she liked her van and
what on earth did she use to get those stains out of their uniforms. When they left, she looked up at
him and raised both eyebrows. “You got to learn to tell the difference between the good guys and the
bad.”
As they were speaking, a man on Rollerblades—half skating, half dancing, half drawing attention
to himself and still drunk and high from the night before—skated between them, scooped her off her
feet, and swung her over his shoulder. Fireman’s carry-style. In the next half second, Pockets kicked
the man in the base of the back, forcing him off-balance and launching him off his skates as if he’d
slipped on a banana. While the man flew horizontally through the air, Pockets caught Joe, set her
down, and then drove one knee into the man’s neck and the other into his rib cage.
Problem solved.
A little later, sitting in the passenger seat, she realized she wasn’t afraid. She hadn’t had time. She
studied the man still lying on the sidewalk and the police standing over him. “Nobody tells you it’ll
be like this.”
“Mum, you should know.” He paused.
She prodded him. “Yes?”
“On the outside, there is no difference. So when it comes to you, they’re all bad, until they’re not.”
“What makes you say that?”
“Two decades of trying to tell the difference.”
She watched the man crawling away. “That’s probably good.”
He pointed at her cone melting on the sidewalk. “You want some more ice cream?”
“No, not really hungry.”
Driving north, she spoke without invitation. “The ice cream thing is a craving. Kinda comes on all
of a sudden.”
“You ever thought about maybe drinking some milk or something?”
“Yes, but”—she weighed her head side to side and covered her belly with her palm—“he likes ice
cream.”
“I apologize. I didn’t know.”
She straightened her baggy sweatshirt. “I’m not showing. Not much. And don’t feel bad. Not even
Syd knows.”
“Congratulations.” He studied her. “You sure it’s a he?”
She glanced out the window. “Pretty sure.”
He chose his words. “You don’t look too happy about it.”
A careful shrug. “My body seems to be having a tough time with pregnancy. A few days ago, the
doctor used the words high risk.”